Hi, Mr. Aryan. Hi. Mr. Aryan, in real estate, you can earn good money. Yes. Crores, houses, cars, cars, etc. Yes. How can a real estate business earn 5 lakhs per month, for example? You asked a good question. You have kept 5 lakhs as a block. You can earn more than 5 lakhs. Per month? Yes, you can earn more than 5 lakhs per month. You can earn 25 lakhs from 5 lakhs. You may think 25 lakhs is not true. But, how can I earn? Do I have scope in real estate? You may have 2, 3 or 4 lakhs in any company. I have maximum 5 lakhs. But, how can I earn this much in real estate? If you don't have any difficulties, you can earn. Some people have to work hard, follow some rules, follow some ethics. If we can do this, we can earn 5 lakhs to 20 lakhs. To earn 5 lakhs, we need to do many plots and time. Let's take this. First of all, for example, you are there. For example, you are working. You are working. Then, if you know someone, you can refer them. After some time, you will be in your work. You will be interested in this topic. You may not know this topic. You may not have interest in this. You may learn interest topics as an anchor. What you do is, you can put a person in your team. Some of them should be active, burning, hard to earn. You can put such people in your team. You can form a team. You can join some of the people. You can join some of the people. If you have any Aaryan or any other person, you can join them. What they do is, they have an interest in their work. They have an interest in working, going to them, closing the work. You can set such people. You give them training. What they do is, they don't do the same thing every day. They go to the customers, tell them the demo, follow up, take the customer to the site and close the site. You will get a benefit from them. The beauty in this is, whoever is introduced, whoever is introduced, they will get some amount. I can't tell you all this in this live. If you introduce a person, if he sells, you will get some benefit from him. For example, you will get a benefit from 30,000 or 40,000. We think that person has done 3 sales in a month. You will get a benefit of 90,000. If you can join 5 such persons, 5 persons like this, I mean, if you join 5 persons, not 5 persons, but if you join 20-30 members, if 5 persons are there, 90,000 per person. 5 persons means, 4,50,000 roughly. If the budget is 5 lakhs, you can earn 5 lakhs. You are doing your work, you are doing your work, you are the team lead. What to do is, not to join, you can motivate them. How are you doing? If they have any problem, you can tell them about the problem. I have 2,000 people. 2,000 people will come with a problem. So, if you can motivate them, I mean, what they say is, this is a big issue. I can't come out of this issue. I can't work or do business. I can't do business. I have a lot of problems. I have financial crunch. I can't work in this tension. I give them 2-3 suggestions. I give them suggestions. After that, the financial crunch will be over. After that, they will complete their work. So, what we need to do as team leader is, it is easier to earn 5-20 lakhs as a team leader. Or you can earn individually. But, you have to do it full time. What I said is, part time. If you arrange a team, you will get 5 lakhs. Or I will do it full time. So, you have to do it somewhere for 8 hours. You don't need a team. If you do one plot, you will get 15-70,000. So, if you want 5 lakhs, you have to sell how many plots a month. If you can calculate that, you will get the percentage you need. If you can do that, you will get that. There is another plus point. Once you buy a plot, you will get 3-4 sales. You buy a plot, you will get 100% sales. After that, the people who have money will get it. That is the second plus point. If there are relatives, they will tell you. Without knowing it, it is difficult. You will feel difficult until you sell 10 plots. You will not get a call, you will not get a call on Sunday, you will not be patient. After that, you will get more customers. It is very easy to earn 5 lakhs. Believe me or not, many people in my team earn 5 lakhs in 6-8 months. So, what we can do is, if we can focus on it, we can do it. We can earn 5 lakhs easily. You should be patient. Once a customer comes to us, we get a call. But, we get more interest. We should do more. We will do with care. We can see the interest. We will get more interest. Thank you